Where are you successful let's solve this together.
We got our training service and to use it in that new training component we need to inject that there.
Now what do we need to do to inject the service provided first.
So we should go to the app module and provide the service there.
So in there you will need to add Diom or at all.
Let my ID do that though so I will directly go to the providers array and provide the training service.
By the way if you're wondering whether this module is growing a bit too much I think it's still fine
but of course we can also split it.
This is something we can do at a later point when we optimize this app.
So for now I provide the training service and the provider's array of the app module and we also add
the import trading service from the training folder and then to training got service file with that
provided here.
We can go to the new training component and inject that there.
By the way I'm getting an error here and you surf should actually fix this.
Sometimes it just hangs up in the new training component.
I now want to inject this training service or bind that to a private property named training service
of type training service this type is of course important for angular as dependency injection and we
need to import this type at the top from detraining dot Certis file which we can find directly in the
training folder the file we created a second ago with that inject that we can now access the away label
trainings and use them in our training component.
For this I'm going to add a property trainings which will be of type or maybe exercises which will be
of type exercise.
Make sure to import this type 2 and of course not just the exercise but of exercise array.
Initially its an empty array an engine in it which is of course executed right at the start of the lifecycle
of this component.
All assigned this exercise is to this training service extra wearable exercises.
Now one thing we can improve is that in the training service available exercises is publicly accessible
and since its an array we could edit it from anywhere in the app so we could also turn this into a private
property and add a helper method get a way lable EXOR sizes where we return this available exercises
slice the slice method will create a real copy of that array for the same reason I mentioned earlier
with the reference type problematic for objects.
Its the same for arrays and by calling slice we create a new array which can be edited without affecting
the old one.
So with that back in training we should actually reach out to get a weight exercises execute these get
an array of exercises and store Dad and the exercises property.
Now Indee new training template we can use that to dynamically create our mad option components.
So Im going to get rid of all of them but one and that one component will be well used in conjunction
with and you for there I will execute this loop for all my exercises.
So lead exercise of exercises will loop through all them and now we got that local exercise variable
which I want to use here.
On the value there I will assign exercise ID and here I want to output exercise name.
Keep in mind our exercise model has both an ID and a name.
What that lets save all these files and go back to the running application let's quickly log in with
any data you want.
And now you can see here we get the same values as before but this now actually coming from our service.
Cool.
The next step is to take that information we select here over to the actually running exercise so that
we got the duration calculated on the duration of the exercise and so on.
Let's do this in the next lecture.